# COVID-19 Data Discovery
After taking stock of the COVID-19 dashboards, a vast majority have static charts. Few allow passing parameters to update these charts. Most of them aren't client-side applications, and some of them rely on third party services to create, update, expand upon, and serve. Some are open source and others are shoehorned into existing web templates. Others aren't clear on what data is being loaded in to inform the dashboard. 

These were built with several misguided assumptions that forsake the broader need. The spread of COVID-19 is a global phenomenon and it should be a prerequisite to respect the locations, devices, and users that do not have capacity use these dashboards.

With these observations in mind, this repository sets out to create a minimalist, accessible, lightweight, global, shop-floor data discovery tool anyone can use on any device in every conceivable internet connection that's faster than sending data by carrier pigeon. It is a humanitarian imperative to provide data discovery capabilities for every user we can. Those are the table stakes to answering the real question for internet users anywhere and everywhere -- How much of a threat is COVID-19 to my loved ones? We seek to give them the best answer to that question the data can provide. 

# Appendix
Design inspiration (NSFW): https://motherfuckingwebsite.com/ (just satirical commentary on websites (not a porn site)). Fork this codebase, design it channeling the passion and care of the top chefs of the world (ref: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qKqj85oo2wI), and release it as your own. I'd prefer to have this website work on a Tamagotchi than make the button animations look like scene from a Pixar film, but you can do that if you like. Better yet, brand it with your own style/company/etc., release it, (make it better, ) and get promoted! The data loader and the front-end are MIT.
